Allow spaces as word separators at start and end of note (#80)
UltraStar-Deluxe/format: spec.md

>
> The pitches in this paragraph use [scientific pitch notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_pitch_notation).

> Tools and games are expected to allow spaces to separate words both before and after the note text.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add an indication that this part is now about the note text and not the pitch anymore? Something like:

```suggestion
The text of a note contain the spoken words of that note (usually a single syllable). There are no restrictions on the specific text values, in particular spaces can appear at the beginning or end of the note text (or both).
```

If that doesn't sound good, I'd at least prefer that we stay with the terminology "implementation" instead of "tools and games".

E.g. before

```abnf
0 4 0 Hello|
8 4 0  World|
```

and after

```abnf
0 4 0 Hello |
8 4 0 World|
```

> are treated the same. (the `|` is used to mark the end of the line for visualization purposes in the above example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are semantically equivalent. (the `|` is used to mark the end of the line for visualization purposes in the above example)
```

This goes a little beyond the rest of the paragraph. The semantics of spaces in notes are not really part of the spec yet, I think.
I don't think further explanation of the paragraph above is really necessary; the example itself would be enough for me.
